Add cloud alert (#583)
home-assistant/alerts.home-assistant.io: alerts/cloud.markdown

---
title: "Scheduled maintenance"
created: 2022-10-26 00:00:01
integrations:
  - cloud
homeassistant: ">0.60"
---

> October 28 between 05:00 and 06:00 UTC we will preform a scheduled update of our infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
October 28 between 05:00 and 06:00 UTC we will perform a scheduled update of our infrastructure.
```

> During this time there will be short periods of disruption for webhooks, and non-local commands from virtual assistants (Alexa/Google), remote UI are not affected by this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this time there will be short periods of disruption for webhooks, and non-local commands from virtual assistants (Alexa/Google). The remote UI is not affected by this.
```
